OSDOCS-4328: Edits from the Optimizing Routing content audit (#56929)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/router-performance-optimizations.adoc

Reviewer: Where did the content from this file end up?

Author: @candita It is now moved to scalability_and_performance/routing-optimization.adoc (the assembly file) because after making the requested edits that file was basically empty.

[id="router-performance-optimizations_{context}"]
= Ingress Controller (router) performance optimizations

> You can modify the Ingress Controller deployment, but if the Ingress Operator is enabled, the configuration is overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can modify the Ingress Controller deployment using the information provided in:

https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/networking/ingress-operator.html#nw-ingress-setting-thread-count_configuring-ingress for threads and 
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/networking/ingress-operator.html#nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters_configuring-ingress for timeouts and other tuning configuration in the ingress controller specification.
```
